TPM-backed HTTP message signatures guide. (#31040)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/enroll-hosts.md

To use mTLS use the [AutoSelectCertificateForUrls policy](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/?policy=AutoSelectCertificateForUrls) to point Chrome to your client certificates

### Using host identity certificates

`Applies only to Fleet Premium`

Host identity certificates allow Fleet's agent (fleetd) to use hardware-backed client certificates for authentication to the Fleet server. This feature uses the host's TPM (Trusted Platform Module) to generate and store cryptographic keys, providing strong hardware-based authentication.

This provides a level of security similar to [mTLS](#using-mtls), but the certificate is hardware-backed and managed by the TPM rather than being stored as a file on disk. The TPM ensures the private key cannot be extracted or copied, providing stronger security guarantees.

#### Requirements

- Linux hosts only
- TPM 2.0 hardware (or vTPM for VMs)
- Linux kernel 4.12 or later
- Fleet Premium license

#### Generating fleetd with host identity certificates

> When generating fleetd with host identity certificates, use the `--fleet-managed-client-certificate` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use host identity certificates, generate fleetd with the `--fleet-managed-client-certificate` flag:
```

Cleaned up the language here. As a user, I want to know how to use identity certs.
